java cProject Part 2: Marriage Artifact HHS4U It’s nearing the end of the semester, which means it’s time for your final project! You are going to create a marriage artifact to share with your peers, that demonstrates a thorough understanding of the rituals, customs, expectations and challenges of your chosen culture or type of marriage. Reminder: you have complete freedom regarding the format that your artifact takes, however, it must be something creative, informative, and visually appealing. Some suggestions are: ● video ● presentation ● website ● art piece (drawing or painting with explanation) ● animation ● case study! ● anything else you can think of! (If you’re unsure, ask your teacher!) Here are some guidelines and questions to help you consider and create your artifact to ensure that it is informative enough and comprehensive. (This is not a checklist of things to answer or include) ● introduce your culture or type of marriage - explain some background information ● explain what pre-wedding rituals, customs, expectations challenges exist for couples who want to be married following that culture/type of marriage ○ What are the courtship rituals of your chosen culture? ○ How is the family involved in the relationship prior to the wedding? ○ What engagement rituals are specific to your chosen culture? ○ Is the couple allowed to live together before marriage? ○ How does the couple decide they want to marry? (Engagement, meeting parents, asking permission, etc.) ○ Are there any special rituals that occur before the wedding ceremony? ● explain what wedding ri代 写Project Part 2: Marriage Artifact HHS4U 代做程序编程语言tuals, customs, expectations challenges exist for couples who want to be married following that culture/type of marriage ○ What does a typical wedding day look like? Briefly walk us through the ceremony. ○ Is there anything special that the bride/groom must do? ○ What role do the families play in the wedding ceremony? ○ Are there any specific customs/norms for the guests? (What they can wear, do they bring gifts, do they participate in the ceremony, etc.). ● explain what post-wedding rituals, customs, expectations challenges exist for couples who want to be married following that culture/type of marriage ○ What are the expectations of each spouse after marriage (gender roles)? Are there specific gender roles that are enforced by society? ○ Are there any cultural/familial expectations for the couple? (Do they need to try to get pregnant straight away, go on a honeymoon, move in with one set of parents, etc.). ○ How is labour divided in the household after marriage? ○ Are there any expectations placed on either spouse after one spouse passes away (ex. Remaining celibate, moving in with a family member, etc.)? ○ What happens if the marriage breaks down? ● Your explanations of your pre-wedding, wedding, and post-wedding rituals must include some connection to theories we have discussed in class. (Minimum 2) ● Presentation will be up to 12 minutes Please note: you are not expected to answer every single question listed above - these are guidelines to inform. you of what kind of information you should include in your final marriage artifact.

加QQ codinghelp Email: cscholary@gmail.com

